Feature/auto shard rebalance (#16511)
arangodb/arangodb: Documentation/DocuBlocks/Rest/Administration/get_admin_cluster_rebalance.md

@RESTHEADER{GET /_admin/cluster/rebalanc, Calculates the current cluster imbalance}

@RESTDESCRIPTION
Calculates the current cluster imbalance and returns the result. 

> It additionally shows the amount of ongoing and pending moveshard operations.

Reviewer: please change to "pending move shard operations"

Author: ```suggestion
It additionally shows the amount of ongoing and pending move shard operations.
```
